---
title: "A Note on Low-Communication Secure Multiparty Computation via Circuit Depth-Reduction"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink:
eprint: <a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1473">2024/1473</a>
excerpt:
date: 2024-1-1
venue: 'TCC 2024'
slidesurl:
paperurl: 'https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1473'
bibtexurl:
---

<details>
<summary>Abstract</summary>
We consider the graph-theoretic problem of removing (few) nodes from a directed acyclic graph in order to reduce its depth. While this problem is intractable in the general case, we provide a variety of algorithms in the case where the graph is that of a circuit of fan-in (at most) two, and explore applications of these algorithms to secure multiparty computation with low communication. Over the past few years, a paradigm for low-communication secure multiparty computation has found success based on decomposing a circuit into low-depth ``chunks''. This approach was however previously limited to circuits with a ``layered'' structure. Our graph-theoretic approach extends this paradigm to \emph{all} circuits. In particular, we obtain the following contributions:<br><br>
[Fractionally linear-communication MPC in the correlated randomness model.] We provide an $N$-party protocol for computing an $n$-input, $m$-output $\F$-arithmetic circuit with $s$ internal gates (over any basis of binary gates) with communication complexity $(\frac{2}{3}s + n + m)\cdot N\cdot\log |\F|$, which can be improved to $((1+\epsilon)\cdot\frac{2}{5}s+n+m)\cdot N\cdot\log |\F|$ (at the cost of increasing the computational overhead from a small constant factor to a large one). Previously, comparable protocols either used more than $s\cdot N\cdot \log |\F|$ bits of communication, required super-polynomial computation, were restricted to layered circuits, or tolerated a sub-optimal corruption threshold.<br><br>
[Sublinear-Communication MPC.] Assuming the existence of $N$-party Homomorphic Secret Sharing for logarithmic depth circuits (respectively doubly logarithmic depth circuits), we show there exists sublinear-communication secure $N$-party computation for \emph{all} $\log^{1+o(1)}$-depth (resp.~$(\log\log)^{1+o(1)}$-depth) circuits. Previously, this result was limited to $(\mathcal{O}(\log))$-depth (resp.~$(\mathcal{O}(\log\log))$-depth) circuits, or to circuits with a specific structure (\eg layered).<br><br>
[The $\bm{{N\choose 1}}$-OT complexity of MPC.] We introduce the ``\emph{$N\choose 1$-OT complexity of MPC}'' of a function $f$, denoted $C_N(f)$, as the number of oracle calls required to securely compute $f$ in the $N\choose 1$-OT hybrid model. We establish the following upper bound: for every $N\geq 2$, $C_N(f) \leq (1+g(N))\cdot \frac{2 |f|}{5}$, where $g(N)$ is an explicit vanishing function.<br><br>
We also obtain additional contributions to reducing the amount of bootstrapping for fully homomorphic encryption, and to other types of sublinear-communication MPC protocols such as those based on correlated symmetric private information retrieval.
</details>
