---
title: "Privately Constrained PRFs from DCR: Puncturing and Bounded Waring Rank"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-01884-7_14
eprint: 2025/230
excerpt:
date: 2025-1-1
venue: 'TCC 2025'
slidesurl:
paperurl: "https://eprint.iacr.org/2025/230"
bibtexurl:
---

<details>
<summary>Abstract</summary>
A privately constrained pseudorandom function (pCPRF) is a PRF with the additional property that one can derive a constrained key that allows evaluating the PRF only on inputs satisfying a constraint predicate , without revealing  itself or leaking information about the PRF’s output on inputs that do not satisfy the constraint.<br><br>
Existing privately constrained PRFs face significant limitations: either (1) they rely on assumptions known to imply fully-homomorphic encryption or indistinguishability obfuscation, (2) they support only highly restricted classes of constraints—for instance, no known group-based pCPRF even supports the simple class of puncturing constraints (where the constrained key permits evaluation on all but one point while hiding the punctured point), or (3) they are limited to polynomial-size input domains. A long-standing open question has been whether one can construct a privately constrained PRF from group-based assumptions for more expressive classes of constraints. In this work, we present a pCPRF based on the decisional composite residuosity (DCR) assumption that supports a highly expressive class of predicates, namely constraints with polynomially bounded Waring rank, which notably includes puncturing.<br><br>
From a technical perspective, our work follows the general template of Couteau, Meyer, Passelègue, and Riahinia (Eurocrypt'23), who constructed a pCPRF from group-based homomorphic secret-sharing but were limited to inner-product constraints in the constraint-hiding setting. Leveraging novel techniques for computing with distributed discrete logarithms (DDLog), we enable the non-interactive authentication of powers of linear combinations of shares of some value. This, in turn, allows us to express constraints with polynomially bounded Waring rank.<br><br>
Our construction is single-key, selectively secure, and supports an exponential-size domain.
</details>
